README.md, before:

# Flybuy Javascript SDK

The Flybuy JS SDK allows partners to draw a map with markers for orders and polygons for premises and pickup areas.

## Supported Map Providers

Currently, the SDK only supports Google Maps. (Mapbox will be added in the future)

To use Google Maps, you *must* include the Google Maps JS SDK in your HTML before you include the Flybuy JS:
```
<script src="https://maps.googleapis.com/maps/api/js?key=<GOOGLE MAPS API KEY"></script>
<script src="flybuy.js"></script>
```

_Note: The Flybuy JS SDK will automatically determine that you want to use Google Maps if you have included the Google Maps Javascript._

## Creating a map

First, instantiate a new `Flybuy` object. After you have done that, you can call `flybuy.createMap` once you have the data you wish to load. The first argument to the method should the selector string. (not a DOM element)

```
let flybuy = new Flybuy();

window.addEventListener('DOMContentLoaded', () => {
  let jsonFile = 'sample_data/initial_orders_api.json';

  fetch(jsonFile).then(response => response.json()).then(data => {
    flybuy.createMap('div#map', data);
  });
});
```

_Note: The DOM must be loaded before you attempt to create the map. The example uses the `DOMContentLoaded` event, but you could also move the `<script>` tag after the body._

## Updating a map

If you want to update a map after it has been drawn, you can call `flybuy.update`:
```
let jsonFile = 'sample_data/orders_api_update.json';

fetch(jsonFile).then(response => response.json()).then(data => {
  flybuy.update(data);
});
```

## Example implementations

See the sample [Google Maps](google.html) and [Mapbox](mapbox.html) implementations.

## Features not implemented yet

* The `update` method will move existing markers but it will not remove markers from the map
* The `update` method can accept new polygons for pickup areas and premises, but it will not draw them yet
* Mapbox is not yet supported as a provider

Commit message:

Check for existing polygons when drawing features
When attempting to draw premises and pickup area polygons, the SDK will now check to see if a feature with that `id` exists before drawing. If it exists, it will be removed and redrawn.

This allows for the flexibility of changing polygons if necessary (though that would be rare) but it also allows for the `update` call to accept a `data.site` property with `premises_coordinates` and `pickup_areas` features without drawing multiple layers for the same feature.

README.md, after:

# Flybuy Javascript SDK

The Flybuy JS SDK allows partners to draw a map with markers for orders and polygons for premises and pickup areas.

## Supported Map Providers

Currently, the SDK only supports Google Maps. (Mapbox will be added in the future)

To use Google Maps, you *must* include the Google Maps JS SDK in your HTML before you include the Flybuy JS:
```
<script src="https://maps.googleapis.com/maps/api/js?key=<GOOGLE MAPS API KEY"></script>
<script src="flybuy.js"></script>
```

_Note: The Flybuy JS SDK will automatically determine that you want to use Google Maps if you have included the Google Maps Javascript._

## Creating a map

First, instantiate a new `Flybuy` object. After you have done that, you can call `flybuy.createMap` once you have the data you wish to load. The first argument to the method should the selector string. (not a DOM element)

The instantiated `Flybuy` object does not need to be global in scope, you may assign it to whatever context works for your application.

```
let flybuy = new Flybuy();

window.addEventListener('DOMContentLoaded', () => {
  let jsonFile = 'sample_data/initial_orders_api.json';

  fetch(jsonFile).then(response => response.json()).then(data => {
    flybuy.createMap('div#map', data);
  });
});
```

_Note: The DOM must be loaded before you attempt to create the map. The example uses the `DOMContentLoaded` event, but you could also move the `<script>` tag after the body._

## Updating a map

If you want to update a map after it has been drawn, you can call `flybuy.update`:
```
let jsonFile = 'sample_data/orders_api_update.json';

fetch(jsonFile).then(response => response.json()).then(data => {
  flybuy.update(data);
});
```

## Removing a map

If you are using a reactive framework (such as React or Vue), you should call `removeMap` when your component is destroyed. **Failure to do so can result in WebGL errors.**

## Example implementations

See the sample [Google Maps](google.html) and [Mapbox](mapbox.html) implementations.

## Features not implemented yet

* The `update` method will move existing markers but it will not remove markers from the map
* The `update` method can accept new polygons for pickup areas and premises, but it will not draw them yet
* Mapbox is not yet supported as a provider
